This app is now deployed (backend on Render, frontend on Vercel) and working. I want to address several production-readiness items in one pass. Please handle all of the following:
1. Session storage
Currently using connect.session() with the default MemoryStore, which logs this warning: “MemoryStore is not designed for a production environment, as it will leak memory, and will not scale past a single process.” Please replace this with a persistent, production-safe session store. Recommend and implement whichever fits this stack best (e.g. connect-pg-simple if we add Postgres, or a lightweight file/SQLite-based store if we want to avoid adding a separate database service). Explain the tradeoff briefly before implementing.
2. Database
Check whether this app currently persists any data (users, sessions, payment/receipt records, chat messages) to a real database, or if anything is only stored in memory/local files that would be lost on server restart or redeploy. If there’s no real database yet, recommend a simple option that works well with Render (e.g. Render’s own free/low-cost Postgres, or an external free-tier option like Neon or Supabase) and set up the connection using an environment variable (DATABASE_URL), without hardcoding credentials.
3. Node engines field
package.json currently has "engines": { "node": "20.x", "npm": "10.8.2" }. Vercel warned that Node 20.x deployments will stop working after 2026-10-01 and wants Node 24.x. Render currently works fine on Node 20.x. Please update the engines field to safely support both platforms going forward (e.g. "node": "20.x || 24.x"), and flag if any current dependency would break on Node 24.
4. package-lock.json vs yarn.lock
We’re now using yarn install on both Render and Vercel due to an unrelated npm bug, but package-lock.json still exists in the repo alongside the new yarn.lock. Please remove package-lock.json to avoid the “mixing package managers” warning, and confirm yarn.lock is correctly committed.
5. Security audit
Run npm audit (or yarn’s equivalent) and tell me what the vulnerabilities are and whether any are worth fixing now vs. safe to defer. Don’t apply --force fixes without telling me what they’d change first.
Please go through these one at a time, explain what you’re changing and why before making changes, and don’t modify unrelated working functionality (auth, payments, chat).